README.md, before:

# @ngrx

Reactive libraries for Angular

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ngrx/store](https://badges.gitter.im/ngrx/platform.svg)](https://gitter.im/ngrx/platform?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](https://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)

## Support NgRx

[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)

Become a sponsor and get your logo on our README on Github with a link to your site.

### Gold Sponsors

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/2/avatar.svg"></a>

### Silver Sponsors

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/2/avatar.svg"></a>

### Bronze Sponsors

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/3/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/7/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/9/avatar.svg"></a>

## Packages

- [@ngrx/store](./docs/store/README.md) - RxJS powered state management for Angular applications, inspired by Redux
- [@ngrx/effects](./docs/effects/README.md) - Side Effect model for @ngrx/store to model event sources as actions.
- [@ngrx/router-store](./docs/router-store/README.md) - Bindings to connect the Angular Router to @ngrx/store
- [@ngrx/store-devtools](./docs/store-devtools/README.md) - Store instrumentation that enables a
  [powerful time-travelling debugger](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redux-devtools/lmhkpmbekcpmknklioeibfkpmmfibljd?hl=en).
- [@ngrx/entity](./docs/entity/README.md) - Entity State adapter for managing record collections.
- [@ngrx/schematics](./docs/schematics/README.md) - Scaffolding library for Angular applications using NgRx.

## Examples

- [example-app](./projects/example-app/README.md) - Example application utilizing @ngrx libraries, showcasing common patterns and best practices. Try it on [StackBlitz](https://ngrx.github.io/platform/stackblitz.html).

## Migration

- [Migration guide](./MIGRATION.md) for users of NgRx packages prior to 4.x.

## Events

- [NgColombia](https://www.ngcolombia.com/) in Medellín, Colombia on September 6 - 7th.
- [DevFestATL](http://devfestatl.com/) in Atlanta, GA on September 22nd.
- [Framework Summit](https://frameworksummit.com/) in Park City, Utah on October 2 - 3rd.
- [AngularMix](https://www.angularmix.com/) in Orlando, Florida on October 10 - 12th. Use the discount code "RYAN" or "ROBERTS" to receive $50 off your registration!
- [AngularConnect](https://www.angularconnect.com/) in Excel, London on November 6 - 7th.

## News

- [Official editor on Medium](https://medium.com/ngrx)

## Contributing

Please read [contributing guidelines here](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

docs: explain how to find docs for a release

README.md, after:

# @ngrx

Reactive libraries for Angular

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ngrx/store](https://badges.gitter.im/ngrx/platform.svg)](https://gitter.im/ngrx/platform?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](https://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)

## Support NgRx

[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)

Become a sponsor and get your logo on our README on Github with a link to your site.

### Gold Sponsors

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/gold-sponsors/2/avatar.svg"></a>

### Silver Sponsors

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/silver-sponsors/2/avatar.svg"></a>

### Bronze Sponsors

<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/0/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/1/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/2/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/3/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/4/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/5/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/6/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/7/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/8/avatar.svg"></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/ngrx/tiers/bronze-sponsors/9/avatar.svg"></a>

## Packages

***Note:** The links below will take you to the master branch version of the docs.
To view the docs corresponding to a specific release (which is probably what you want),
you need to look up the commit ID for a release and browse the snapshot of this repo at that point
in time. One way to do this is to view the ["releases"](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/releases)
tab in github, click the commit hash link, and then click "browse files".*

- [@ngrx/store](./docs/store/README.md) - RxJS powered state management for Angular applications, inspired by Redux
- [@ngrx/effects](./docs/effects/README.md) - Side Effect model for @ngrx/store to model event sources as actions.
- [@ngrx/router-store](./docs/router-store/README.md) - Bindings to connect the Angular Router to @ngrx/store
- [@ngrx/store-devtools](./docs/store-devtools/README.md) - Store instrumentation that enables a
  [powerful time-travelling debugger](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redux-devtools/lmhkpmbekcpmknklioeibfkpmmfibljd?hl=en).
- [@ngrx/entity](./docs/entity/README.md) - Entity State adapter for managing record collections.
- [@ngrx/schematics](./docs/schematics/README.md) - Scaffolding library for Angular applications using NgRx.

## Examples

- [example-app](./projects/example-app/README.md) - Example application utilizing @ngrx libraries, showcasing common patterns and best practices. Try it on [StackBlitz](https://ngrx.github.io/platform/stackblitz.html).

## Migration

- [Migration guide](./MIGRATION.md) for users of NgRx packages prior to 4.x.

## Events

- [NgColombia](https://www.ngcolombia.com/) in Medellín, Colombia on September 6 - 7th.
- [DevFestATL](http://devfestatl.com/) in Atlanta, GA on September 22nd.
- [Framework Summit](https://frameworksummit.com/) in Park City, Utah on October 2 - 3rd.
- [AngularMix](https://www.angularmix.com/) in Orlando, Florida on October 10 - 12th. Use the discount code "RYAN" or "ROBERTS" to receive $50 off your registration!
- [AngularConnect](https://www.angularconnect.com/) in Excel, London on November 6 - 7th.

## News

- [Official editor on Medium](https://medium.com/ngrx)

## Contributing

Please read [contributing guidelines here](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
